(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(ROCK SONG PLAYING)
MARCUS: My whole life.
my father told me
people will judge me.
Justin. wake up.
MARCUS: People will
assume they know who I am
by looking at me.
Justin. come on.
We got to get you
to Mrs. Baker
and the lawyers
before court starts.
MARCUS: And that the deck
is stacked against me.
Justin. get up! Come on.
(JUSTIN GROANS)
(SIGHS)
I'm not so sure
he got the message.
It's disgusting.
He stinks.
HANNAH: No. the clothes stink.
He's been living on the street
for five months.
(SIGHS)
MARCUS: When you're
faced with that.
when you're without power.
on the outside.
you have tough choices.
LAINIE: You're up early.
Hi! Uh...
Laundry. Yeah.
Is this new?
Yes. It's. um. pre-distressed.
Clay. is that
your gym clothes?
Uh...
'Cause it smells...
Yeah. um...
I left them on the bathroom
floor last night. like I do.
and you know. at night.
my aim isn't so good.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Uh. your father
had an early meeting.
so it's just you and me
for breakfast. okay?
Okay. great. Thanks. Mom.
MARCUS: It's easy to hide.
To give in to the pain.
Like Hannah did.
She started to believe
that she was less than.
(BANGING)
Shit.
(TOILET FLUSHING)
Tony. it was heroin.
I did. like. an image search
and it came up black tar heroin.
He... He had heroin.
MARCUS: To believe
that a life
of privilege and position
was only for other people.
You're up early.
You got Rodin coming over
for a yoga lesson?
No. Just wanted to say
good morning before you
went off to practice.
Oh.
Why?
(UTENSILS CLINKING)
That girl's mother
made a statement
in the press. apparently.
Yeah?
You haven't been following it?
Uh. Dad and Warren told me
to keep my head down.
so. you know.
that's what I've been doing.
So school's been fine. then?
With all this drama?
Yeah. yeah.
Everything's great.
You know. just gearing up
for the season.
Let me know if you need
someone to talk to.
Dr. Pierce would be
glad to see you.
Or your counselor at school.
What's his name?
Mr. Porter?
No. thanks. I'm good. Mom.
(SCOFFS)
All right. honey.
Have a great day.
Yeah. you. too.
Don't work too hard.
Yeah.
MARCUS: But the truth is.
privilege is a trap all its own.
What the fuck?
What are you doing here?
Tony told me to wait till
your mom left. then come
through the window.
Did I mess it up?
Uh. no. the window's right.
but why did he send you?
Well. he thought I could help.
Help with what?
I've got some supplies.
How are you feeling?
Fine. Supplies for what?
When is Tony getting here?
He's not coming. Clay.
He's still on probation.
He can't risk getting
involved now that
he knows about Justin.
What about me?
(EXHALES) All right.
so the thing is.
I was washing your clothes
and I found your shit and I
flushed it down the toilet.
And Tony thinks
you might be an addict
and we might have to detox you.
Fuck this. I'm out of here.
Well. "A." all of your
fucking clothes
are in the wash.
and "B." where are you gonna go?
We're gonna
get you through this.
Look. Justin. you want
to help Jessica. right?
You can't testify
if you're high.
Okay?
Justin. Justin.
Jesus. what happened to you?
Do you think Jessica will
wanna see you like this?
No.
(EXHALES) Shit.
I can't miss school.
Go. I got this.
I'll text you every hour.
Why are you doing this. Sheri?
I spent the last five months
trying to make up
for what I did.
And now that I'm out.
I realize it's actually gonna
take the rest of my life.
so maybe this is where I start.
JUSTIN: (GASPING)
I think I. I think I ate
too much breakfast.
CLAY: Oh. fuck. Justin.
That's my bed. (SIGHS)
Do you know who might want
to intimidate you. Jessica?
I think it's pretty obvious.
It's the same guy who
assaulted her in the fall
and doesn't want her
opening her mouth in court.
So. okay. if he's worried
that you would call him out.
that means he thinks
that you know who he is.
Yeah. well. I don't.
Okay. even if you
don't know for sure.
maybe you've got a feeling?
Or maybe someone else
saw something that night.
Because if you're scared
to come forward.
for whatever reason.
I want you to know
that we're on your side.
You know. we can protect you.
And it's safe to tell the truth.
MRS. DAVIS: Honey.
is there something else?
MR. DAVIS: You can
talk to us. baby.
And we're gonna get that
bastard. you don't have
to worry about that.
MARCUS: And we do ourselves
no favors by keeping
our heads down. by hiding.
You have to find a way
to hold your head up.
MR. COLE: Say hi
to Trish and the kids.
All right. last call.
I promise. You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
Yeah?
Uh. yeah. you know.
I'm just. like.
a little nervous. I guess?
Oh. my boy
doesn't get nervous.
You're gonna be great.
Just tell them what you told
the lawyers last fall.
The truth will
set you free. right?
Yeah. no. I know.
But. um...
But. Dad. like. what if
they ask things that
they didn't ask before?
Like. what if they ask me to.
you know. name names?
What names?
I don't know. Dad.
It's just... Some of
the other kids. they. um...
They called out. like.
friends of mine.
Look. son.
You've worked hard
to get where you are.
Harder than other people
in the same position.
And relationships
are important.
They're everything.
In any fair system.
they wouldn't be
putting you in a position
to make impossible choices.
But it's not a fair system.
And I want you
to look after yourself first.
Yes. sir.
You're gonna be great. okay?
WOMAN: Justice for Hannah!
(INDISTINCT CLAMORING)
MARCUS:
You have to find a way
to belong in this world.
to be strong.
Hey. man. Can I sit here?
I don't exactly have
the upper body strength
to stop you. so...
Well. maybe if you showed up
for PT yesterday.
could've worked
on your left hook.
Maybe I didn't feel like it.
Wouldn't you rather
hang out with your
actual ambulatory friends?
Nah. no. I like
my non-ambulatory friends.
Good for you. then.
(LAUGHTER ECHOING)
Hey. man. you okay?
Yeah.
No. I just...
I remembered something.
Or... I almost remembered it.
We love you. Hannah!
Justice for Hannah!
Oh. my God.
Look at them all.
What did I say?
You spoke to them.
You showed them who Hannah
really was and they heard you.
(CHUCKLES)
(CAR DOOR CLOSING)
DENNIS: Good morning.
Good morning.
Your statement
had quite the impact.
clearly.
I knew you'd be upset.
I'm not upset.
They should hear from you
at the right time.
People need to hear
the whole story.
Hannah's story.
And they're not
getting it in there.
These kids are not on message.
These kids are kids. Jackie.
And they are the story.
We tell Hannah's story
through them.
This Marcus Cole...
Is a little politician.
But he'd rather blame
the school than himself.
and I can work with that.
MARCUS: When you're
marginalized. powerless.
you have to find
strength somewhere.
In friends.
Jess. Jessica.
Hey. Clay. what's up?
We have Justin.
What?
Over the weekend.
Tony and I
went down to Oakland.
But how did you know...
You saw the postcard.
You fucking snooped
through my room?
He wants to help.
He said he'll testify.
he's. um...
A little too sick
at the moment. but...
What do you mean sick?
From being homeless.
Look. he's at my house.
We're taking care of him.
If you want to see him or...
I don't.
Soon as he's better.
gonna take him
to the Bakers' lawyer.
He can back up Hannah's story.
It's not Hannah's story.
and it's not his story.
it's mine.
I don't want him telling it.
Jess. listen. Listen to me.
Justin wants to help.
(WHISPERS) Shut up. Clay.
ZACH: I'm just worried
about it. All right?
I'm serious. dude.
No. I'm not kidding.
Ask your boyfriend
for help with history.
Oh. wait.
He's brain damaged.
You're just jealous
he had a brain
to damage. Monty.
Guys. if I don't ace
this test. I might
drop below a C. okay?
So play the dad card again.
Metcalf will let you slide.
It's not a card. dude.
No. I know.
Fuck. sorry. brother.
You know what I mean.
If Chloe hadn't stopped
doing study group...
I'm sorry. Zach.
I've just been
so busy with everything.
Yeah. "everything."
meaning doing Bryce.
(HISSING)
Hey. well. it's Zach's fault.
He set us up.
Yeah.
I gave him your number.
The rest of it
isn't my fault.
Meaning what. exactly?
Meaning I have
to get to class.
What's going on there. Walker?
He's just got
a lot on his mind.
I don't blame him.
(FREEZE ME PLAYING)
♪ Tell me what you think.
are we in trouble?
♪ Feelin' sorry's
never really
been my struggle
♪ Pickin' up the pieces
♪ Siftin' through
the rubble... ♪
MARCUS:
When you feel left out.
when you feel like
this high school world
is against you.
it can be
lonely and frightening.
I wouldn't want anyone
to feel that way.
Which is why I signed up
for Dollar Valentines.
and why I invited Hannah out.
And was there
a reason you chose
Hannah in particular?
I knew that she'd had
some tough times at school.
It was her first year.
I wanted to show her
that there were
good kids at Liberty.
Who'd you guys get?
Anybody good?
Nope. not really.
(LAUGHS)
I see what's up. Dempsey.
Just looking for a sure thing?
Yeah. not worth it. Zach.
Hannah Baker is
a lot to handle.
Yeah. I heard she plays rough.
(LAUGHTER)
Yeah. like you
would know. Marcus.
Yeah. aren't you saving it
till marriage or something?
Isn't Jesus your one true love?
(CHUCKLES)
I mean. doesn't mean
I can't cheat now and then.
And it just so happens
I got Hannah. so maybe
it's time to sin.
Oh.
(LAUGHS) You know what?
I'll bet you a hundred bucks
you can't even
get your hands in.
I'll take that bet.
Well. maybe we underestimate
you. Minister Marcus.
Maybe you do.
MARCUS: So I asked her out
on a date.
Hannah Baker. Guess what?
Hey. Marcus Cole. What?
You were first on my list
for Dollar Valentines.
MARCUS: She seemed excited.
Grateful for the attention.
A little sad.
Do you even like Hannah?
Or are you just trying
to get with her?
Yes. I do like her.
And I made a bet with Bryce.
What is your deal?
Some days you're this
serious person with legitimate
plans for the world.
and the next.
you're. like. this stupid guy.
Like. one day you're Hillary.
the next day. Bill.
Yeah. and which one
was president?
You do what you gotta do
to get on in this world.
Especially if you ever want
to get something done.
Yeah. but that doesn't mean
you have to be friends
with Bryce.
Yeah. it does.
MARCUS: We met
at Rosie's Diner.
And at first it seemed
like things were
going really well.
What are you doing?
I mean. she seemed
like she was having
a good time.
Come on.
No.
And so. at some point.
I tried to hold her hand.
But I guess she took it
the wrong way.
And why do you say that?
She yelled at me.
Don't touch me! Get off!
MARCUS: Pushed me
out of the booth.
Hey. what the fuck!
DENNIS: Because you touched
her hand?
Yes.
I mean. if a young woman
yells at you and physically
pushes you off of her.
don't you think she might have
felt threatened or unsafe?
Objection. Speculation.
Withdrawn. I'll rephrase.
Marcus. did you at any time
ask Hannah why she pushed
you out of the booth?
No.
MARCUS: I was confused.
I left right after that.
And in the days that followed.
did you talk to anyone
about your date with Hannah?
I was hurt
after I got rejected...
Come on. dude.
So I vented to some
of my friends about it.
You couldn't keep it up.
Marcus. huh?
Oh. shut up. dude.
MARCUS: I never
should have said anything.
Nah. nah. man. look.
She wants everybody
to think she's DTF. man.
but she just likes
the attention. dude.
Hannah Baker is a cocktease.
man. Plus she's. like.
batshit crazy. too.
MARCUS: I should have known
people would twist my words.
I feel terrible.
Remember when she bum-rushed
the boys' locker room
when that list came out? Oh.
Yeah. man.
Now that was crazy.
Hannah Baker.
Hannah "Blue Balls."
Hannah "Big Butt."
MARCUS: Because
that's the thing
about gossip.
Once it starts.
it's hard
to get away from it.
Jess! Jess. hey.
Hi.
Good job yesterday.
Good job?
Yeah. in court.
I heard they've been
really tough on people.
but you stood your ground
and told the truth.
That's fucking brave. you know?
Right. Yeah. thanks.
Hey. listen. um.
there's this thing
this weekend at Bryce's.
and I have. like.
three different guys
I want you to meet.
It's time to get you
an upstanding.
legit boyfriend. right?
I'll see you at practice.
(POP SONG PLAYS)
Thanks.
Hey. guys. What are
you doing right now?
Do you wanna ditch with me?
Definitely.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. totally. I just
need to get out of here.
Guys. I cannot skip this class.
Zach. we need you!
You need my car.
JESSICA: Both!
Look. if we can't have you.
can we... Maybe...
Okay. but only if Jess drives.
It's an automatic.
My right foot works.
Jess drives.
Thank you. Zachy.
(CAR REVS)
This car is so insane.
Shouldn't we steal it
and do a road trip
across the country?
Yes. running from the law.
like Thelma and Louise.
Yeah. if Thelma had a bum leg
and boy parts.
(GIGGLES) It sounds so sexy
when you say it like that.
I mean. I am pretty sexy.
You totally are.
I love the movies on a weekday.
No lines. No waiting.
No people.
Wow. you're in
a crazy good mood.
It's possible I'm just crazy.
Well. I'm good either way.
Hello!
I haven't been to
a movie in so long.
I'm having all the popcorn.
(SCOFFS)
So are you trying to have sex
with her now or something?
What? No. Why is that
any of your business. anyway?
JESSICA: Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just tired.
No. not just tired.
That night that we came here.
and Hannah confronted me?
Hmm.
I said that she was
obsessed with me.
and we should stop
being friends with her.
Yeah. but that's not your fault.
Yeah. but I fucking lied. Jess.
She was just hurt.
and then she
called me out on it.
and I got embarrassed.
and I said we should
stop hanging out with her.
I'm... Such an asshole.
We're both assholes.
I got up there in court
and tried to help the Bakers.
but I just ended up
making everything worse.
I just kept remembering
all of this stuff.
I don't know. I just wish
I could wipe the slate clean
and start over.
No. you don't.
It fucking sucks.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
No. I know.
Will you help me up?
And did the school provide
any oversight or follow-up
for this Dollar
Valentine's Day program?
No. Nothing like that.
Incredible. so in other words.
Hannah suffered
thanks to a misguided. if not
outright dangerous program.
sponsored by a grossly
negligent administration?
Objection.
Withdrawn. No more questions.
Hey. what the hell. Tony?
You didn't ask me about Sheri.
Yeah. 'cause I knew
you would say no. But she
came through. didn't she?
We can't just go telling
everyone about this.
It's fucking dangerous.
Oh. I'm aware it's dangerous.
That's why I can't be
a part of it anymore. Clay.
That's why you can't
be part of it?
Or is it more than that?
Why are you so worried
about your probation
all of a sudden?
You said it was no big deal.
Yeah. that was when I thought
this case would settle.
Before I had to testify
or help clean a...
Help clean a fucking junkie up
so that he could.
Jessica doesn't even
want him to.
She just wants
the whole thing to go away.
If that's what Jessica wants.
it's out of our hands.
Sheri.
Please. please just...
I'll give you some cash.
just please go get me
like half a gram.
that's all I need.
And then I'll go to court
and I can testify.
and you'll never have
to see me again.
And why do you think
I'd know where to buy drugs?
Well. apparently you know
how to detox someone
from drugs.
I had a roommate.
Two roommates in a row
who went through this.
(SOBBING)
I'm so fucking cold.
Then stop throwing this off
and do what I say.
Here. take this.
No.
Look. we don't have time
to play games. Justin.
Do you want to help Jessica
or not? Huh?
Okay. if you do. stop being
such a little bitch
and get yourself better.
Here.
I've never heard
you say "bitch" before.
(SCOFFS) I've never
had to babysit
your crying ass before.
(COUGHS)
You're welcome.
(BURPS. SIGHS)
So Hannah became physically
violent at the diner.
when all you did
was try to hold her hand?
I mean. please explain
to the court how this
makes logical sense.
Could you. Marcus?
I mean. well. there was
more to it than that.
She was only being nice
to me at first because
she wanted a favor.
She had a crush on another guy.
and she asked me
to set her up with him.
And you know. I was hurt.
and confused.
and I tried to take her hand
to reconnect with her.
That's when she pushed me.
SONYA: So after agreeing
to go on a date with you.
Hannah used it as
an opportunity to score
a date with another guy?
Yes.
Marcus. this is the first
we're hearing of this.
Can you please reveal
to the jury who Hannah
was asking about?
He's a friend of mine.
Bryce Walker.
(INDISTINCT MURMURING)
MARCUS: I don't blame
Hannah for being
interested in someone else.
Like I said. when
you're on the outside.
you look for a way in.
And Bryce Walker
is the king of our school.
Any girl would want him.
CLAY: Shit. Sorry.
Hey. man. it's cool.
Sorry.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. Why?
You don't look so good.
What do you know about it?
(EXHALES) Just that
you don't look so good.
Look out for yourself.
Hey. Kevin. Got a minute?
Sure.
(PANTS)
I'm on my way
to do the conflict
resolution seminar
for freshmen...
So good. all those
extras you're doing.
It really gives added value
at a very. very
challenging time.
Well. whatever I can do. Gary.
Okay. along those lines.
I understand that you made
a little house call.
I think it's good sometimes
to take things out
of a formal setting.
Huh.
Contact with the parents
is important.
Yeah. of course. Of course.
Uh. and you know...
(STAMMERS)
I very much admire
that you take such big swings.
But we're all under
a microscope here.
And I think we should discuss
what the best strategy is.
especially in regards
to getting parents involved.
Hmm.
You know?
So you mean all parents?
Or just the Walkers?
Well. I know.
We'll see if we can make it
through the next few weeks.
then we'll reconvene
after the trial. okay?
I wanna make sure
we keep our kids safe.
Absolutely.
You know?
Yeah. good work.
(SIGHS)
TYLER: This fucking trial
is a fucking joke.
Marcus said Hannah
was in love with Bryce.
which is a fucking lie.
I tell the truth.
I get endless shit.
Marcus does his politician
thing and blows back in
like the fucking returning king.
What a motherfucker.
What the fuck. dude?
Why'd you bring
my name up in court?
Let's do this later. all right?
I'll let you guys talk.
Uh-uh. No.
whatever you got to say.
just go ahead and say it.
I mean. we're all brothers here.
Right?
(SCOFFS) Right. Yeah.
Right.
Look. I saw
an opportunity to do
you a favor. so I took it.
A favor? You think dragging me
into this is a favor?
No. I planted a seed for you.
See. now if you get called up.
they already think
Hannah liked you.
And if she came on to you.
and you let her down gently.
who knows what kind of lies
she might've made up?
Well. fuck me. Yeah.
That's some
high-level Jedi shit
right there. buddy.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey.
Hey. beautiful.
(BRYCE AND CHLOE KISSING)
(MOANS)
(CHLOE GIGGLING)
Fucking hypocrites.
I say we do this today.
(BRYCE AND CHLOE LAUGHING)
(ZACH CLEARS THROAT)
(INHALES) I'm ready.
(BELL RINGING)
(DOOR OPENING)
Hi.
Hey there.
We just wanted to say hi.
I guess. and just see
how you're doing.
(STAMMERS)
Uh. I'm doing okay.
Thank you. I...
I mean. some days are better
than others. I guess.
But I'm so happy
to see you both.
How are you. Alex?
I've been thinking about you
since I saw you
at the deposition.
Yeah. it's just like you said.
some days are better
than others.
But I'm meeting
with the doctor soon.
And hopefully.
they'll clear me
to testify and everything.
So. just trying to remember
anything that might help.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That means a great deal.
I'm sorry for running away
the other day. at court.
No. Jessica. I'm the one
who should be sorry.
I just... (CHUCKLES)
I seem to be saying
all the wrong things lately.
It's okay. It was just
a misunderstanding.
obviously.
Hi. Liv.
Hi. Andy.
So. anyway. sorry. we just
wanted to say hi. Mrs. Baker.
JESSICA: Was nice seeing you.
Nice to see you.
ALEX: Bye.
Hi. Mr. Baker.
Hi. Alex.
JESSICA: Hey.
ANDY: Jessica.
(DOOR OPENING)
(BELL RINGING)
He's a good kid.
I think they both are.
I saw you on the news
the other night.
I thought what you said
was beautiful and brave.
Thank you.
Although they still managed
to use my own words
against us in there.
Uh. yeah. that woman
you're working with.
maybe she can afford to spend
her whole life fighting...
She's not the one fighting.
Andy. I am.
Can we stop with
the contest. please?
I'm tired of the game
of who suffers more...
Are you tired?
I'm sorry if you're tired.
Okay. I'm sorry
if this isn't moving along
quickly enough for you
so you can get some rest.
You know. not everyone
can move on so easily.
Nothing was easy.
You're a coward
and you're afraid.
Of course I'm afraid!
I'm afraid of losing the case.
the store. our livelihoods.
everything!
We already have lost everything!
There is nothing left
worth having. except
justice for our daughter.
And Jackie is the one
that's been there every day.
making sure I get it.
I'll buy you out of the store...
When we win the case.
If we win.
We will win.
Okay? Even if you're
not there to see it.
Are you living with her?
No. Liv. I'm not.
(BELL RINGING)
(DOOR OPENING)
HANNAH: Hey!
OLIVIA: Hi. sweetheart.
ANDY: You're out early.
HANNAH: I took
the early shift.
Can I take the Jeep out later?
On Valentine's Day?
Is this a. uh.
date-type thing?
Maybe.
Yeah?
It's a hangout. really.
So. can I take the Jeep?
Sure.
We're just about to close up.
Maybe we can
all ride home together.
Great. I'll warm
it up outside.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. would you like to take
some Valentine's chocolate
on your non-date
hangout type thing?
Mom. nobody takes chocolate
on dates. It's not 1950.
Uh...
I thought you said
it wasn't a date.
(OLIVIA GIGGLING)
MARCUS: Hannah was
a troubled girl.
kind of a loner.
I reached out to her.
she didn't respond.
And I guess
it hurt a little.
to be honest.
Hey. Marcus. Wait up.
You know. I don't have
a lot of time to talk
right now. Hannah. so just...
Oh. it's okay.
Uh. this won't take long.
MARCUS: She used me
to get to someone else.
Heard you're disappointed
with our date the other night.
Look. I don't know
what you thought you heard.
But...
No. I know what I heard.
But. um. then I thought.
maybe I should give you
another chance.
see if we can try things
your way after all.
Hey. what the hell
are you doing?
Isn't this what
you wanted. Marcus?
(MARCUS PANTING)
Isn't this turning you on.
to be grabbed like this?
Doesn't it make you want
to tear off your clothes
and do whatever you told
your friends you were
gonna do to me?
Or was it just one big put-on.
to pretend you're something
you're really not?
But you won't tell
your friends
about this. will you?
(MARCUS GROANS)
MARCUS: I'm the student
body president.
Part of my job is to
reach out. set an example.
lift people up.
To look for those kids
who feel like "the other."
Like they're on the outside.
(STUDENTS LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING) Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING.
LAUGHING)
(PHONE CAMERAS CLICKING)
Yeah!
MAN: Damn!
All right.
All right! That's...
Okay. you got me.
Very funny.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
MARCUS: And I'll keep
reaching out. There are
more kids like Hannah.
And I want them
to know people care.
Oh. shit. Oh. my...
Holy shit.
That was awesome!
Yeah!
(PANTING)
What do we. uh...
What do we do now?
Have you shot a gun before?
Hey. man. almost forgot.
You know that midterm
you got tomorrow?
I talked to a buddy
who took the class last year.
He said Metcalf
always uses the same test.
Shit. man.
Thank you.
I got you. Always.
MARCUS: And I know
Bryce feels the same.
It's up to us
to be the good guys.
(GASPS)
CHLOE: (WHISPERS) Wait.
Isn't your mom home?
She might be.
Doesn't matter.
I thought I'd go
introduce myself.
Since you haven't.
Hey. get back here.
What. am I not
the kind of girl
you can take home to Mom?
I hope not.
You know what?
I'm offended. This isn't
happening right now.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh. it's happening.
Get away from me.
(MIMICS CHLOE)
"Get away from me."
You just take whatever you want?
You're damn right.
(BRYCE MOANS)
(GROANS)
(PILLAR OF TRUTH PLAYS)
JESSICA: I remember
when they said you would
never walk again.
Or talk.
Or even be you anymore.
ALEX: Well. the jury's
still out on that one.
I just feel like...
I have this body. you know?
And every day it gets up
and puts on clothes
and gets me from
point A to point B.
But it's like it's not mine
anymore or something.
Yeah.
It's like you're living
in a stranger's body.
And mind. sometimes.
Yeah.
♪ The pillar of truth
Come on.
♪ Turning to dust ♪
ALEX: Yep.
JESSICA: Sorry.
(BOTH SPEAK INDISTINCTLY)
♪ Lord. prepare me
♪ For the shadows
♪ For the sparrows
at my window
♪ Lord have mercy
♪ On my descendants
♪ For they know not
what they do
♪ For they know not...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. no. Keep going.
keep going.
♪ Who you are
♪ And they know not
♪ What to do ♪
No. please!
Sorry. I'm...
Jess. I'm so sorry.
No. no. It's not you. okay?
It's just... It's not you.
Okay.
Justin's back.
Did you know that?
Clay and Tony went out
to find him and he's at
Clay's house right now.
What the fuck?
Clay says he wants to help me.
Can you believe that?
What are you gonna do?
No. Nothing!
Fuck Justin. okay?
I never wanna
see him again in my life.
Come on. It's getting late.
Sheri. what the hell?
Oh. what's up. Clay?
You were supposed to
text me every hour.
Oh. shit. I'm so sorry.
Look. I got so into these
Alien Killer Robots.
The way they draw these robots
is kinda sexy.
Wait. did you...
Don't worry.
I only took out the comics.
Jesus.
SHERI: "Studded and ribbed."
Skye's a lucky girl.
Yeah. she's not. actually.
She's gone. Fucking ran.
Fuck you. Justin.
You don't know
anything about it.
I don't know anything
about fucking running?
I'm like a fucking ex...
Oh. shit!
Fuck!
It's the stomach cramps.
Are you good to
take over from here?
I'm supposed to be home
right after school.
I got it. You can
take the stairs.
No one's home.
And make sure you keep
him hydrated. He's gonna
have a lot of fevers.
He may talk a lot of shit
but don't let it get to you.
He's just in a lot of pain.
Good.
(DOOR OPENING)
Thank you.
Yeah.
(DOOR CLOSING)
(GROANS) Did you
talk to Jessica?
Yeah.
Yeah. she. uh. wanted
me to thank you.
She's happy you're here.
You... You didn't
tell her all about...
No. I told her
you had the flu.
(LAUGHS) That's good.
So we're gonna do this?
We're gonna
take down Bryce?
Yeah.
We are.
(RETCHES)
JUSTIN: Ugh!
In 72 to 96 hours.
I thought maybe the sign
in my yard was just
about my dad's campaign.
But somebody is targeting me.
MR. PORTER: That's terrible.
And you have no idea
who might have done it?
No.
You can't think of anyone
you may have hurt?
Or anyone that may have...
A reason not to like you?
Hey. I'm...
I'm the victim here.
Marcus. let me. uh.
ask you something.
Your father.
he's a churchgoing man. right?
Yeah.
What do you think he would say
if he listened to your tape?
(SCOFFS) What would your wife
say if she listened to yours?
Oh. I already told
my wife everything.
And I've taken a long.
hard look in the mirror.
Have you?
Just find out who did this.
Marcus. I am on borrowed time
here at Liberty and I know it.
But as long as I am here.
I'm gonna make sure
that the kids who actually
need my help get it.
And those that need
something else?
That they get that. too.
Holy shit.
Tyler. I thought
you were talking
about BB guns.
What do you use these for?
TYLER: Just. you know.
shooting cans and stuff.
But if you don't want to
try it. we don't have to.
Oh. hell yeah. I want to try it!
You have to teach me
how to do it.
Yeah. of course.
Here. just let me.
This one's got a bit of
a kick to it. Okay?
So just be ready for it.
Yeah. hold the gun
with your dominant hand.
Keep your finger outside. okay?
Until you're ready to shoot.
Use your other hand
to cradle the gun underneath.
it keeps it steady.
This shit's heavy. (LAUGHS)
CYRUS: Like that?
TYLER: Yeah.
Safety?
Yeah.
Pick a target.
And when you're ready.
okay. turn the safety off...
Put your finger
on the trigger...
And squeeze your hands
together like this.
Ha! Woo!
Woo!
He thinks he can just
walk in here. giving me
advice about Jackie.
the trial. after everything
he's put me through?
I'm sorry.
But again.
maybe he has a point.
Think I had this fantasy
that I was going
to tell Hannah's story
to the world.
Make them understand.
Certainly aren't
getting it in court.
No.
Although. Jessica...
I think she did her best.
Don't you?
Yeah. Yeah.
I think she did.
She's the girl on the tape.
isn't she. Tony?
She's the one on tape nine?
Is she afraid of Bryce Walker?
Is she afraid no one will
believe her? Why won't
she come forward?
Yeah. I have to ask you.
Why do you need her to?
She only knows
what happened to her.
she doesn't know
what happened to Hannah.
'Cause Hannah isn't here to
speak to what happened to her.
I mean. you're right.
it may or may not help
our case against the school.
But Tony. it could help build
a criminal case against Bryce.
The cops. they already
have the tapes.
They won't act on anything
unless they have a living
victim to tell her story.
And it's gotta come out
in court?
Dennis says we need
a witness who can speak
to a pattern of behavior.
It could lead
to an arrest. Tony.
Bryce needs to pay
for what he did to Hannah.
to Jessica. to who knows
how many other girls.
I want it to come out.
In court.
in a sheriff's office.
I don't care where.
And Jessica is the only one
who can speak to
what happened that night.
And Justin.
Do you know where he is?
I can ask around for him again.
I mean. I have a friend
who might be able
to track him down.
I'm sorry. okay?
DEPUTY STANDALL:
Sorry isn't gonna cut it.
You haven't even been back
less than a week
and you're already
skipping school.
MRS. STANDALL: Okay. Bill.
every 17-year-old kid
skips a couple of classes
now and then.
DEPUTY STANDALL: Well. if he's
ever gonna be a normal
17-year-old kid again.
he's gotta put in the work.
that's all.
I'm sorry I'm not
fucking normal!
MRS. STANDALL: Language!
I know that's hard for you.
DEPUTY STANDALL:
That's not what
I'm talking about. kid!
Alex!
(FOOTSTEPS LEAVING)
Honey.
(SIGHS)
You need to ease up on him.
He's trying. okay?
Well. he needs to try harder.
'Cause he's got to get better.
He has to get better.
If he doesn't...
If this is as far as he gets.
you've got to stop
blaming yourself.
Why?
It was my gun.
(EXHALES)
Fuck! Fuck!
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(SOBS)
Come on. Clay.
MARCUS: Too many kids
still feel powerless.
Jesus.
Marcus Cole turned
into a nice surprise today.
didn't he?
Yeah. I am not sure
why Dennis thought
he would be good for them.
with that kind of story to tell.
Do you think
he had that story
to tell before today?
I think he was quite credible.
Well. hearing Bryce's name
sure took the attention
away from the school.
Yeah. it's great for us.
These kids. Sonya. teenagers.
they. uh. they have secrets.
They know more than they say.
and they're very good
at telling you the story
you want them to.
I've examined teenagers before.
But you haven't lived with them.
In case you need any advice...
A witness is a witness.
But thanks. Lainie.
I appreciate it.
Good night.
(DOOR OPENING. CLOSING)
MARCUS: Hannah made
a bad decision.
She acted
out of sadness. Anger.
And I just don't want
anyone else to get hurt.
HANNAH: Are you sure
Alex should hear the tapes?
Odd question coming from
the person who made them.
You were trying to protect him.
If he can remember enough.
they might let him testify.
Testify about what?
About Bryce.
The trial's not about Bryce.
Well. it should be.
That girl's unconscious.
You should show these
to someone. Turn him in.
And say what?
"I found this Polaroid
in my locker. arrest him?"
I got his confession
and they did nothing.
Find the girl.
We can't see her face.
Find the room.
The couch is the same
in both pictures.
Nothing I do is going
to make any difference.
Someone has to say
something about Bryce
that makes them pay attention.
Jessica couldn't do it.
they won't let me.
maybe Alex can.
Or maybe it will destroy him
all over again.
Was Marcus lying?
Tell me. If he was lying.
we need someone
to tell the truth.
Things like this are gonna
keep happening. Clay.
You heard my story the way
I wanted it to be told.
but there's always another
side to every story.
How do I know what's true?
You know me. right?
I thought I did.
Then do the right thing.
I am.
MARCUS: But I believe
we're turning a corner.
It's getting better.
(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
HANNAH: Hey. It's Hannah.
Hannah Baker.
Don't adjust your...
Whatever device
you're hearing this on.
It's me. live and in stereo.
(DEREK LUKE READING)
MAN: Well done. Ed.
Well done.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-